Update debian-create-upload-vhd.md (#122120)
Azure/azure-content: articles/virtual-machines/linux/debian-create-upload-vhd.md

```

This creates a VHD `image_[release]_azure_amd64.vhd` with a rounded size to be able to copy it successfully to an Azure Disk.

>[!Note]

> > Rather than using cloning the salsa repository bulding images locally, current stable images can be built and downloaded from [FAI](https://fai-project.org/FAIme/cloud/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Rather than cloning the salsa repository and building images locally, current stable images can be built and downloaded from [FAI](https://fai-project.org/FAIme/cloud/).
```
